README.md, before:

# .config
Properly managed dotfiles for macOS and Ubuntu.

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Installation
0.  _(Ubuntu only)_ Install Zsh:
    ```
    sudo apt install zsh
    ```
1.  [Fork this repo](fork).
1.  ⚠️ In your fork, edit [`git/.gitconfig`](git/.gitconfig) (you can do this through GitHub's web
    UI) to make Git use _your_ name and email address, not mine! 🙂
1.  Open a terminal and do the following:
    ```shell
    % cd ~
    % mv .config .config~   # Back up your old .config dir (if any).
    % # Clone your fork, which will make a new .config dir:
    % git clone https://github.com/<YOUR USER NAME>/.config.git
    ...
    % cd .config    # Go to your new .config dir.
    📝 Add anything you want to keep from your old dotfiles.
    % make install  # Run the installer to deploy your new dotfiles.
    ...
    % # Finally, update your fork with your changes:
    % git add -f <file>... # Choose which files you actually want to track in Git.
    % git commit
    % git push
    ...
    %
    ```
1.  _(macOS only)_ In Terminal.app:
    1. Go to Preferences.
    1. Import [`terminal/Dark Mode.terminal`](terminal/Dark%20Mode.terminal).
    1. Set it as the default.
1.  Restart your terminal.

## Getting Updates
To get new updates to your fork from my repo, do the following:
```zsh
% cd ~/.config
% make          # Pull in updates from upstream (my repo), but don't install them yet.
...
📝 Review the incoming changes and make any adjustments you like.
% make install  # Run the installer to deploy your changes.
...
% # Finally, update your fork with your changes:
% git add -f <file>... # Choose which files you actually want to track in Git.
% git commit
% git push
...
%
```

## Author
© 2020-2021 [Marlon Richert](https://github.com/marlonrichert)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

Move `xcode-select --install` to Readme
Can't do this in the `Makefile`, since it doesn't run in the shell.

README.md, after:

# .config
Properly managed dotfiles for macOS and Ubuntu.

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Installation
0.  Depending on your OS, open a terminal, do one of the folowing and wait for the installation to
    complete:
    * macOS:
      ```shell
      xcode-select --install
      ```
    * Ubuntu:
      ```shell
      sudo apt install zsh
      ```
1.  [Fork this repo](fork).
1.  ⚠️ In your fork, edit [`git/.gitconfig`](git/.gitconfig) (you can do this through GitHub's web
    UI) to make Git use _your_ name and email address, not mine! 🙂
1.  Open a terminal and do the following:
    ```shell
    % cd ~
    % mv .config .config~   # Back up your old .config dir (if any).
    % # Clone your fork, which will make a new .config dir:
    % git clone https://github.com/<YOUR USER NAME>/.config.git
    ...
    % cd .config    # Go to your new .config dir.
    📝 Add anything you want to keep from your old dotfiles.
    % make install  # Run the installer to deploy your new dotfiles.
    ...
    % # Finally, update your fork with your changes:
    % git add -f <file>... # Choose which files you actually want to track in Git.
    % git commit
    % git push
    ...
    %
    ```
1.  _(macOS only)_ In Terminal.app:
    1. Go to Preferences.
    1. Import [`terminal/Dark Mode.terminal`](terminal/Dark%20Mode.terminal).
    1. Set it as the default.
1.  Restart your terminal.

## Getting Updates
To get new updates to your fork from my repo, do the following:
```zsh
% cd ~/.config
% make          # Pull in updates from upstream (my repo), but don't install them yet.
...
📝 Review the incoming changes and make any adjustments you like.
% make install  # Run the installer to deploy your changes.
...
% # Finally, update your fork with your changes:
% git add -f <file>... # Choose which files you actually want to track in Git.
% git commit
% git push
...
%
```

## Author
© 2020-2021 [Marlon Richert](https://github.com/marlonrichert)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
